# **Reaction deletions comparison in Escherichia coli K-12 for D-lactate over production in anerobic conditions**

## **Redirectioning of the flux towards D-lactate in the pyruvate metabolism in order to select essential (and non elsewhere interfering) genes to knockout**

---

## Files description

### • iJO1366 info.txt

Contains informations about the substrain and the database iJO1366 comes from.

### • iJO1366.xml

Contains the genome scale metaboic model of Escherichia coli K-12 in generic environmental conditions.

### • iGEM0 create.py

Contains the python code used for generating iGEM0.

### • iGEM0.xml

Contains the model generated by setting up anerobic conditions and the possibility of lactate donation to the environment as modification of iJO1366.

### • complete_reactions create.py

Contains the code used for generating complete_reactions.

### • complete_reactions.npy

Contains the numpy list of pairs representing number and name of the complete reaction set of interest according (up to multiplicity) with the drawing below.

### • results create.py

Contains the code used to ordinately simulate all the reactions deletion combinations by optimizing the biomass flux and measuring the respective lactate consumption flux from the environment (equivalently minus the produced lactate). All the result lists described below are indexed according to the respective computation.

### • outknocked_reactions.npy

Contains the list of all outknocked reactions combinations sequentially.

### • optimized_biomasses.npy

Contains the list of all optimal biomasses sequentially.

### • consumed_lactates.npy

Contains the list of all consumed lactate fluxes as the inward flux from the environmental d-lactate exchange reaction.



